Meeting Component (#70)
webex/components: src/components/WebexInMeeting/README.md

> # Webex Interstitial Meeting Component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Webex InMeeting Component
```

Webex InMeeting component displays the [Webex Local Media](../WebexLocalMedia) component on top of the [Webex Remote Media](../WebexRemoteMedia) component for the in meeting media experience.

<p align="center">
  <img src="./WebexInMeeting.png" alt="Default Webex InMeeting" />
</p>

## Preview

> To see all the different possible states of the Webex Interstitial Meeting component, you can run our Storybook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all the different possible states of the Webex InMeeting component, you can run our Storybook:
```
